docs: update Supabase guide for Nuxt (#30111)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/getting-started/quickstarts/nuxtjs.mdx

  </StepHikeCompact.Step>
</StepHikeCompact>

> > Note:
> > Alternatively, you can also use [@nuxtjs/supabase](https://supabase.nuxtjs.org/), a module created by the Nuxt community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Admonition type="tip">

The community-maintained [@nuxtjs/supabase](https://supabase.nuxtjs.org/) module provides an alternate DX for working with Supabase in Nuxt.

</Admonition>
```
